2024-05-06
Status: #Notes
Tag: [[Words&Phrases]] [[Andrew Tate]]

Smiling is effective, but it's only effective if used selectively. People tell me that I never smile, but that's not true. I do smile, but I smile selectively. My smile has value. If you guys are watching this, I'm trusting that you've seen the PhD course. How do you give your attention value? By making it rare. Why is gold valuable? Because it's scarce. My smile has value because I rarely smile.

If I smile, my smile has value, weight, and currency. She's happy that she made me smile because it's hard to do. There's an achievement in it. She got her reward, which is my smile. You need to smile at people when something of merit happens.

I'm not saying to come across as a miserable bitch. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying you're sitting there looking like you're going to kill yourself. You're not Eeyore. I'm saying you need to smile selectively. Once again, you need to adapt your own body language style. You need to decide when you're going to use your smile and when you're not. Don't say you're trying to hold it in. I'm saying you probably learned to smile instinctively. You're smiling at things that don't really make you smile, and you're smiling at things that you don't find funny to be polite. But let me tell you what smiling is. Smiling is a sign of submission. Look at apes, our closest relatives. Apes smile to submit. When the alpha appears, the beta males show their teeth. They go like, "Don't hurt me." It's natural. You can study this today; Google it or check on YouTube. They show their teeth as a sign of submission. That's what smiling is.

If you're going through life, every person you meet, you're like, "Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey," you're basically saying to the world, "No one hurt me, please. Please, I'm a nice guy, how are you? Fine, you? Yeah, good, yeah." Does Trump smile every [ __ ] he sees? But then someone who's actually a real G turns up, someone who's done a fantastic job that week, he'll give him a little bit of a smile. Why does Trump's smile matter? He doesn't walk through life looking like a happy clown. Neither should you. Your smile is a selective tool. It must be rare, it must be used effectively.

Life's not all about just being as happy as possible. This is the shit the media is trying to sell you. They're purporting this idea that if you're happy, smile, be nice. Everyone who's happy all the time, smiling all the time, nice all the time, is a loser. You know it, and I know it. So you don't want to be that guy. You don't have to be smiling. Use your smile selectively. I use my smile selectively, especially on dates with girls. I'm sitting there, it's a little bit frosty, whatever. I don't allow awkward silences because I'm too efficient for those things. I call it being a PhD pimp.

She'll say something and I'll smile before I answer. If she says at the beginning, "I didn't expect you to be like this, I thought you'd be more arrogant," I'm like, "Why?" I'll smile. But if she's receptive to me, and she's going to do what I want, she can have a smile in return. A smile is a weapon, just like your attention is a weapon. Like everything you have is a weapon. You're a walking bag of weapons.

Most men don't understand that your attention has value, your smile has value, your replies to someone—it all has value. And you guys are just running through life, throwing it away. Then how are you going to do something exclusive? How do you show me I've made you happy if you're already smiling at every bitch you've ever met? It's stupid.

A nod is something you and I both know. Who the bad men in the room are, all the big men know. When big men walk into the club, and there's another big man in the club, you instantly—human instinct—you catch eyes. It's like, "Okay, he's the only person in this club who can match me physically. If there's going to be a fight, that's the only guy I have to worry about." And you always lock eyes, and you always kind of do this thing. It's like, "Yeah, alright, cool. We've clocked each other. We've decided we're cool." It's the big man nod. It's a thing.

I'll say the beautiful part and look in her eyes. Before I say that, I'm looking away, and that's what makes it more effective. It's more effective because I've gone from looking away to looking at her. If I just looked at her and said, "I'm glad I met you because I really think you're beautiful," it's not as effective. For me, it's far more effective for me to look away, and then look at them when I say something I mean. That change in body language is what they perceive, and that makes you far more convincing. You see where I'm coming from? Eye contact needs to be used as punctuation. This is punctuation. Everything is punctuation. Make them understand a point. That's how your eye contact should be used. When I look into his eyes, it's when I mean it.

Understand how important it is to never say something you don't mean. Don't tell someone you're going to knock them out if you're not going to do it. Don't be one of those people who walk through the Earth talking shit. Say, "Look, bro, you don't get in my face. I'm going to knock you the fuck out the first time." When I look in his eyes, I said I'm going to knock him out. He knows it's the first time I've looked at him. He knows I'm going to mean it. That's how eye contact should be used.

I've told you a lot about being domineering and conquering. However, a lot of you guys will know one of the 48 rules of power is never to outshine the master. So a lot of you may have a boss and you can't act that way. You're just going to piss your boss off too if you're too overpowering. I managed to be overpowered in my sales meetings because I was such a fucking fantastic salesman. The boss wouldn't say shit to me because I made him so much fucking money. But if you're in the middle of the rogue or something, you can't come across that way. You're going to annoy people too much, and you haven't got the results to back it up.

One is if you want people to like you, ask them lots of questions. Because everyone loves to talk about themselves. If I'm meeting someone extremely important, which happens all the time from Trump Jr. to anyone else, and I think, "Okay, I need this person to like me," I don't sit there and try to impress them. I don't sit there and go, "Okay, Andrew T, son of a chess grandmaster, genius IQ, four-time kickbox world champion. I've got lots of girls, lots of money, and gambo." They don't care. Nobody cares. I sit there and go, "Yeah, okay, it's really good to meet you." I've always been interested in asking them things, because if you ask people questions, then they have to talk. They have to answer them, and they have to answer them by talking about themselves, and everyone loves themselves. So if you sit there with someone and they only talk about themselves for an hour, they're going to love the conversation. "Yeah, it was really good to talk to you. I get to brag for an hour."

This is especially effective with women. Women love this shit. If you sit there and try to impress a woman, "I'm this, I'm that, blah, blah, blah," no, sit and go, "You're different than I expected. So what do you do?" "I'm a hairdresser. Oh, a hairdresser. Don't you get bored of talking to people all the time?" "Well, no, actually, I don't mind, because some of the people are really nice, and some of my people are my best customers." "Oh, really? Okay, yeah. Well, I don't even go to a hairdresser, as you can tell. I'm already beautiful. So, how long have you been hairdressing for?" "I've been hairdressing this long. I went to college." Add in little bits of your own dialogue, but basically just ask them questions. I took one guy on a pick-up coaching. I don't normally do this, but I had one guy pay me money to go out with him for a weekend, pick up girls. And he said to me, "I'm really nervous. I'm really nervous. Like, bro, ask them questions. Say hello. Here's how you introduce yourself. Here's how you say hello. Ask them questions. And if you do that, you're 75% there, because they're just going to talk about themselves. It doesn't matter what they reply. Who gives a fuck? 'You're a hairdresser? You're a nurse? You're a stripper?' It's all the same shit. Who cares? 'Oh, really? That's interesting.' Same answer to them all. Ask them. Let them talk shit about themselves. This is super effective to make people like you. Super effective because everyone loves to talk about themselves. So keep that in mind.

And then the body language trick is to really look like you're listening. Most people don't look like they're listening. If I want someone to like me, I really look like I'm listening. So if I need a boss to like me or a girl to like me, I'll make sure it's clear I'm playing attention. So if you've ever been in a group of people and there's one girl you want to fuck and everyone's kind of talking amongst themselves, but when that girl's talking, people are half-listening. But when that girl's talking, not you, don't look like a creep, but make it clear you're listening. If other people are talking, if you're talking to you and she starts talking to you, go, 'Okay, yeah, look at her. I'm listening to you.' Then, 'Oh, he thinks I'm important. He thinks what I say matters.' The boss is the same. He listens.

In a corporate situation, what I used to do, I see this all the time. Bosses love that shit. I used to walk around with a little notepad and pen. So if I got called to the boss's office, I'd go in with my notepad and pen, sit there, and when they were talking to me, I'd randomly write things down. So if they said, 'Why do you have that?' I'd say, 'I don't want to miss any key points.' Yeah, they think, 'This dude is intimidating.' So take his shit seriously. Because a boss hires you to make them money. They're always going to pay you less than they make out of you. Otherwise, they wouldn't have a business. So if you're sitting there taking them seriously, you're taking their money seriously. Wouldn't you love it if you had someone walk into your house with a pen and paper and say, 'How can I make you more money? Tell me what to do.' Like, 'I fucking love this guy.' Who wouldn't? So you have to make it clear you're listening to people and ask lots of questions all the time. So even if I knew the correct answer, I'd ask them a question. So I'd say, 'I have my pen and my paper. I'm sitting there. Fucking always, tempted to get a job again because it was so easy. You know, I never failed in a job interview ever. I'd go for jobs that required a degree and I didn't even have a degree. I just walked in there and said, 'Mr. T, your degree?' I haven't got a degree. Didn't need one. I didn't need one because I'm the best. I'm prepared to prove them the best. I'll work for a week for free and I guarantee within six months, I'm going to smash any sales target you set me. I don't have time to go to university and sit there for four years. I'm here to get paid. I'm here to get you rich. I'm here to make me rich. I'm the best there's ever been. They said, 'Who is this dude?' Well, he's going to work for free. Let's at least try him out. I never failed a job interview ever. Ever, ever. I got every fucking job. I'm tempted to go back because it was so fun. Sit with my pen and paper and I'd ask him questions, knowing the answers already. Like, 'Okay, sir, well, I've been trying two different types of proposal emails. One of them is getting about 20% more responses than the other. So it's the one I think is the best. I want to send both to you. So if you have time, I know you're busy. If you could just read them and confirm that's the process. I should be going down. That's the path I should be going down. That's the process. Of emails I'm going to be sending.' He'll be like, 'Okay, yeah. Send them across to me.' Like he's gonna say no. The other one where it's not as effective, of course, he's gonna choose the effective one. If he's a clever cat, which he probably is, he's gonna come back with the odd amendment to try and make it look like he knows something. So he'll come back and go, 'Yeah, that's really good. That's good, Andrew. Try and add this and this. I think you'll be about there.' I'll pretend I didn't think of that. Good idea. Didn't think of that. Going to add it right away. We'll update you. I'll pretend I didn't know. Pretend that it's important, even though it doesn't matter. He'll think he tricked me. 'Ah, Andrew, he's a smart fucker. But I'm still the smartest one. The boss. Bam. That's how they like you. They call the fucking jackass salesman in. Where's your sales?' Yeah, I've tried.

Then you walk in there and go "excuse me sir I've been working really really hard for you and I do my very very best for this company this Corporation I respect you absolutely but I'm unfortunately in a situation where I need to get paid more money what's it going to be that's what I used to do I used to smash sales records and then they were sitting there like this take guys to make the company Rich I'd walk in there 3 months later and say unfortunately I'm in a situation where I need more money not could you please consider not no unfortunately I'm in a situation where I need more money and their answer would be okay uh well we have a courtly review coming up and we need to make sure your sales stay on track they try and delay it say okay I'll wait for the courtly review no problem I'm very very excited about smashing records I'm no longer interested in sales targets interested in beating the company sales records I know they're already mine but I'm going to beat them again I say that and the reason I say all that knowing that courtly review is two 3 weeks away it's cuz basically I've said you better give me a pay rise in that review or I'm leaving and CEO sitting go [ __ ] this [ __ ] can't let him go he's the best we go I have to put this money out and when the court review comes say oh yeah hi sir they all of a sudden doing fantastic sometimes I had a couple of them try it unfortunately we're not increase your pay at this time the i' say okay no problem I I appreciate that I just want to make it clear with you I'm going to do my utmost I'm going to continue doing my job effectively I believe I'm going to do something I'm going to do it properly but I am in a position where I unfortunately do require more money so I'm going to start looking for another ter of employment I'm going to leave that every time I got email within 2 days some [ __ ] offer even I didn't need the money take the money the [ __ ] even it's only a little bit money who cares take it thanks it's a principal thing you're going to [ __ ] reward me [ __ ] what deserve I got a company car the exact same way okay I said out and I said excuse me sir I unfortunately I'm a position where I can no longer use my own personal vehicle he said we don't do company cars I said I understand that and I know you're paying me 20 cents per mile but the car I have SP damage on the car also my brother needs to use the car I am a very good salesman I can I intend to continue to sell effectively I guarantee I will continue to break every single company record but I can no longer do it in my vehicle I need to be provided with a vehicle or I can no longer work with this company boom give me a car most you [ __ ] are afraid to say [ __ ] walk in there give me a car I want a car literally me and my brother sitting in our apartment one day he said I need the car tomorrow I was like I need it I got to go to a meeting I thought [ __ ] this they can give me a [ __ ] car next day had a car we don't do company cars yeah you do renting a [ __ ] car cuz your number one salesman makes you all your money [ __ ] said so I guarantee you do that don't you went down to Herz and pick me up a [ __ ] nice car of course you did BMW 3 serious thanks let's spill coffee all over the [ __ ] seats ain't mine I don't give a [ __ ] so you got to be mean and your [ __ ] but with CEOs sometimes you have to pretend you're listening but pretend you're listening to people they like that [ __ ] give you a little notepad put your [ __ ] together this could also work with women sometimes with one of my girlfriends I say one of cuz all you Real G's know that's real G they're like oh I've really got a problem I need your time they're complaining to me I say look listen I'm busy right now I'm going to come around later I'm sort out I say okay tell me what's the matter and I have to listen nothing I'm com right I'm sort now turn up later okay you have all my attention what's the problem blah blah blah blah blah okay all right okay I'm going to do something about it yeah but do what listen I'm a [ __ ] man I know what to do sh then you do nothing and then they forget about it CU they we big just giving someone your undivided detention and a short burst can be extremely effective extremely leaning forward implies you're paying attention keep that in mind it's supposed to leaning back we've already discussed this already I've got a long list of questions for you [ __ ] leaning forward implies you're paying attention someone goes how do I make it clear that I'm paying attention to them we'll make it clear listening to them just discussed all this but also lean forward you lean forward sometimes yes tell me it matters so much I don't actually recommend this for women but it's something also we're talkinging about women there's a lot of body language with pictures of women that people talk about like don't lean in towards the girl we just talked about leaning in because leaning in shows that you're listening shows you're attentive but every single picture is of you leaning into your girlfriend then it shows that basically she's in charge cuz you listened to her as opposed to her leaning into you so it is a sign of submission for the same reason it's a sign of listening it's a sign of submission so keep that in mind you want have a picture of you in your girl you want to put on Instagram whatever whatever need be a picture of you I'm the man I am the I am the oak tree she's hugging the oak tree the oak tree doesn't bend over to the people who hugs it I'm the [ __ ] Jean she enters your world you don't enter hers most you guys already know this stuff so it's not that complicated but yeah you know hasn't got to be conscious the reason body language is so effective is because it's unconscious that's why it's affective that's why people read it because it happens by accident so you have to consciously alter yours but when you're going through life you can't be sitting there going how do I do this how do I do that you got to just start thinking about it and practice a little bit and it become natural with your hands etc etc so body language to women is never appear submissive women don't want to [ __ ] a man they don't respect women don't have to like you to [ __ ] you they have to respect you do you know how many times I've retweeted check my Twitter I've retweeted a girl saying I can't stand this Tate speech guy but something about him I have to follow him or on my YouTube video I hate you you're such a [ __ ] I almost want to meet you or I retweet the girl today I I almost want to slap I kind of want to slap him kind of want to [ __ ] him and that's because they don't like me but they respect me like this [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah I guess that's true yeah I guess that's they respect me women don't gon to like you they're gonna respect you I I [ __ ] loads of girls who hate me in fact every day some girl's telling me she hates me every [ __ ] day I [ __ ] hate you dick comes along and she's happy to take it so you have to act in a way that's respected and women don't respect men who are submissive to them women respect men who are in control that's what happens women try to take control cuz it's not that to to attemped and if you let them succeed they'll just become worse and worse now a spiral of just becoming a big a bigger [ __ ] cuz they're waiting for you to take control back that's what happens so it's the same with your body language so if you're always leaning in and she's the boss she's not going to be happy with those photos she wants a photo where you look in control and basically uninterested in her if you look at photos I recommend go to at cobrate we'll put a few examples in this video but go to at cobrate and find pictures of me with girls there one of me with a cigar and to girl either side am I staring at the girls do I give a [ __ ] they even exist I'm not a cigar bro I'm busy I'm smoking these are just some hoes natural cuz I don't care about the girls so who's in control there me I'm not shown him attention the number with the most important body language for a picture with a girl is basically to come across like I don't give a [ __ ] someone goes you're about to take a picture with a girl how do you come across as an alpha you don't give a [ __ ] about the girl simple you don't care about the girl that's the commercial now take the picture like you take it she wasn't even [ __ ] there bang smoking oh there's a hoe there there's a hoe there take life whatever that's one there another one of me with sunglasses on with two blondes out the side and then this one I was smiling why am I smiling I'm smiling cuz the one I'm looking at just agreed to get [ __ ] with the other one 2 seconds before that said you both stand with me tonight oh I don't know I'm nervous I like look we're going to go drink in she goes oh oh maybe I smile I like all right good we're going to go out I was smiling cuz she agreed like I said earlier positive reinforcement I'm miserable you said what I want to you to say now I'll smile I just smiled at her cuz I knew she was about to be licking the other one's [ __ ] in about 4 hours time that's what that one was but in general I'm sitting there I wasn't looking at her and smiling and I was looking forward I go [ __ ] I'm a dude who doesn't care women are always attracted to [ __ ] people go why do girls like [ __ ] they don't like [ __ ] they like men who overt who display overtly masculine qualities men who don't succumb to their wishes men who don't bend to their will men who are in charge men who retain control men who can't be influenced or complain that or nag that and those kind of men are [ __ ] it's not about the fact that he's an [ __ ] it's about the fact that they can't control him it's about the fact that they're trying to take a picture with him he doesn't give a [ __ ] if she's Z and those are overtly masculine overtly attractive qualities to a woman even she doesn't understand why but that's the reality of it so if you're sitting there going how do I take a picture with a girl take a picture of the girl if she doesn't exist I'll put up another picture here of me and my girlfriend in Thailand the last picture of me taken there you just see do I look like I give a [ __ ] that she's there now I am looking at her a lot of body language speak every pill guys go don't even look at the girl don't look at the girl this bad body language come on you got you're a human you look at things it's noral [ __ ] look away all the time idiot but you can tell by my body language I don't give a [ __ ] her hands on my knee she's smiling I'm not you can tell by that body language who the [ __ ] boss say so a lot of the red pill stuff is super specific like I've told you guys when I'm teaching in the PHD course there's no such thing as an exact formula there's no such thing as an exact specific thing it's understanding general rules General themes and implementing them that's why everything I teach is quite generalized I'm waiting for you guys to see it ingest it understand it and implement it in your own unique style cuz then it comes across as it comes across as authentic if I say do this with your hands exactly do this you look like little [ __ ] robots no I'm telling you to be aware of certain things like chess you know the rules and you make your own moves based on the rules to win you have to develop your own style but in general the key for women is to just make it clear you don't give a [ __ ] cuz women like that and also what's actually super beneficial is if you genuinely don't give a [ __ ] then it's super easy why you have to act like you don't give a [ __ ] if you actually don't give a [ __ ] I actually don't care I've been around so many [ __ ] that picture of me with a cigar and there two girls hanging off me I was when I was smoking a cigar you can look carefully you'll see my eyes my eyes open up I'm looking at some guy and the guy's face was literally he was literally like his world was blown cuz he saw me with two tens not these other pickup artist versions of tens actual tens two smoking hot big booty big titty hot ass young 20-year-old chicks and he was there just like who the [ __ ] is this guy Mr cigar just walked up used shits are hanging all over is he a pimp is he a famous who is he he he was just blown away I didn't give a [ __ ] he gave a [ __ ] that's the difference don't give a [ __ ] FDB we talked about smiling a little bit and we talked about smiling we said how it's a sign of submission also you guys will know on Twitter soy face that's a sign of submission as well if you're not comfortable within your own skin you see a lot of people they take pictures and they pull stupid faces they go like more or they're with someone the back all that [ __ ] is submission all that [ __ ] is evolutionary primate submission you're just broadcasting to the world that you're a [ __ ] loser don't do that you either smile in a picture cuz you're happy or you just look at the camera do you're not [ __ ] clown and you're not [ __ ] 15 you be making stupid ass [ __ ] faces is dumb don't do that ever especially not with a chick sometimes chicks do that long your next door I guarantee you're not [ __ ] ready to do that [ __ ] I've had girls do that next to me I'm just like look at them like the [ __ ] they are cuz I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] Mak stupid ass faces [ __ ] off suck this so don't do that [ __ ] so you're pulling weird faces and photographs that's cuz you're insecure and you're trying to broadcast to the world that you're a little liberal coward and you're hoping that no one destroys you you're hoping Big Daddy tap doesn't come along and squash you in the palm of his awesomely huge hand don't be like that [ __ ] I [ __ ] hate that [ __ ] I don't hang around with people who do that [ __ ] don't do that ever I po a picture of my brother now with his girl B you just saw it that girl there is called Bianca drosu she has a million followers or near a million on Instagram look her up you can Google her she's the most famous girl in Romania she's like a [ __ ] her own TV show legitimately A-list in Romania very rich as as well most men would be intimidated by a famous woman who's that hot who's rich Tristan went up to her in a [ __ ] petrol station went up to him started talking [ __ ] just the way me and him do it caught her number progression PhD guys Tower of Power introduced himself blah blah BL confident bang bang bang he didn't get her number he got her Instagram messaged her there on the spot so she saw it even amongst a million messages ended up getting her number anyway he ends up [ __ ] this chick she's married she's [ __ ] married whole thing comes out in the papers me and trist end up a stars in rainia with the guys who [ __ ] Bianca I'm the brother but he's the guy who [ __ ] Bianca when she's married everything complete craziness anyway the point of this picture is this most men when they get a girl like that they're all over she's famous she's Rich she's important she's special look at Tristan's body language in that picture does he look like he gives one [ __ ] about that it he doesn't give a [ __ ] about that ho he doesn't care he doesn't care some ho how many ho I [ __ ] who cares you dudes are out here caring too damn much it's garbage like all of my courses what I'm going to do is I'm going to update them f

  
  

yeah so I think the world is always only ever been a battle for influence even if you look at the current Battlefield Ukraine is next door it's five hours driveway the battle in Ukraine is not just about tanks and trenches and grenades it's a battle for influence who influences the people within this territory who is in charge of the thinking the language the mindset of people within this geographical area every single battle every single pitched battle every single AR arent every single debate has always been a battle for influence if you have influence you're an extremely powerful person all of us here are some of the most powerful people in the world how many millions of people listen to us we have massive influence and I think you can have influence at the ground level you don't have to be a famous podcaster or a famously well known to have influence I would argue that those Romanian grandmas who gave me my food will remember me for the rest of their lives I would like to believe I gave a positive influence and a positive impact on their lives so the rest of their life I believe if you go through life and you're genuinely a good person you try your best to be good to people and you're honest and you shake hands and you you don't lie and you're on time and you work hard and you're good to everyone who's good to you I think you'll have a massive influence and I also believe I truly believe that God is extremely giving there's the saying goes around comes around completely true but I would say it comes from God God is keeping an eye on you and he's paying attention to you and he knows the kind of person you are and the kind of things you do and I don't believe if you're actually genuinely a good person all of the time that you're not going to get some good will back to you look at my scenario if I was being a piece of [ __ ] for years with all these chicks I'd be in jail I'd be in jail I could have never seen this coming but the fact I was nice paid their taxi home bought them food looked after them are you okay I know we broke up I'm sorry I know it hurts I just did it I was nice about all of it here I am I'm fine so I could have never seen this Matrix attack coming it's amazing how what goes around comes around it's truly amazing if you're good to people if you're generous to people if you're helpful to people you'd be amazed how much influence you can build up I say this to people all the time I don't think if you're a hardworking person who is honest who shakes hands who tries to learn who does what they're supposed to do who has a good heart that you're truly really not going to be able to get what you want I think the universe is absolutely inly giving when I see somebody who says they want something and they don't have it I don't even think they truly even want it you can have anything you want in the world when a guy goes I want a six-pack then why Ain you got one if you wanted it you'd have it you'd like it there's a bunch of things I'd like that I don't have but I don't want them everything I've ever wanted I've got I've never wanted something and not had it we all know what we're talking about here there's things we'd like I'd like to be able to figure skate not enough to go learn to figure skate it's a weird look if you figure although that other guy dancing like the way you danc is doing a pretty good job bottom G bottom G you seen this guy you can figure Escape kills the dance but you're doppelganger but if you truly want something you're going to absolutely not have it so when it comes down to influence I think you start at the at the base level at the Grassroots level what if I what if this guy's got like you know for example like you know how um when you were 20 yeah were you this driven oh absolutely okay so when you're 20 who did you look at and say I can do it as good as him if not better my coach because I wanted to fight and he used to K he used to beat me badly everyone used to beat me up when I was young and I wanted to be the best so I used to go into the fight Champion okay how about communication who' you look at were you always a good communic I can see you being a great communicator since you were 14 years old my am I pretty I was pretty good yeah okay who did you look at and say I got good but I think I can you know do it better that's a good question and I think that you know what I'm asking I know what you're asking I I don't know if there's one particular person I took nuances from because when you're a great communicator you know how to be serious and you know how to make people sad and angry and you also know how to make people laugh there's different people who can do lots of different things who was that was that somebody that was multifaceted like that I I think it was a lot of different people and I also think that did you pull from Comedy as well certainly did but I was also extremely self-critical I think that's where a lot of it came comes from I'll watch I'll watch watch this podcast back 15 times I will notice every single time I made a mistake just then I said I'll watch twice that was a mistake I will watch this back 15 times and I'll identify every single error I have uh email list and I sign up and I get words of the day I get five or six new words a day which I try my very best to memorize it's harder than you think to memorize five words a day but I always try to make sure I have the most interesting vernacular I can possibly have a wide vocabulary is going to be very specific with my points the reason I actually did that my my I keep talking about my dad but he he taught I'm his son I have the same name emry Andre Tate the third he was emry Andre Tate thei my father was a linguist for the CIA he spoke Russian and German and Spanish and English and uh I think I've told this before back then when they needed someone who spoke Russian they would take a Native American and teach them Russian nowadays we have a bunch of Russian speaking allies you can go to Estonia lvia Lithuania they're all NATO and just get a Russian speaker back then they taught my dad Russian and he held the Air Force record for the fastest assimilation of a foreign language when he died a guy sent me an email sent me a message saying you don't know who I am but I worked with your father in the Air Force and he had the fastest simulation he learned Russian in two weeks crazy and I remember saying to my dad will you teach me Russian he said boy you don't even know English I said what do you mean he goes you don't even know English and at and and once he sat me down with the dictionary I was like you're right I don't even know English that's why even I've lived in Romania seven years people say why don't you speak Romanian because I don't know English yet I need to finish the first job before I learned the second I don't know English of words I don't know I can't speak how he spoke so I don't have time for a second language also another thing I found really interesting Putin speaks English have you ever heard him speak English no because if you want to speak to Putin you speak to him in his language you speak to me in Russian and I reply to you in Russian to you I cannot be misunderstood or misconstrued I don't make a fool of myself you can't get me on some vernacular trick I speak my language and I also prefer that also I speak English that's what I speak if you want to speak to me you speak to me in my language so I will win the debate always who you look up to outside of your D I look up to lots of people I'm talking specifically younger age not today I'm talking 16 20 25 that that age not today it's a good question because I always believed in trying to take the best parts of individual people and then amalgamate them and I know you want a name and I can't think of one off the top of my head but I would look at people who I didn't even respect but they'd have one particular thing about them I thought that's good it could be somebody I didn't even like but he dressed well I think you just have to be perspicacious and look at people and there's something you can learn from absolutely everybody and just try and adapt it all I'm not saying everybody should be clones to me for everyone's individual right but there might be some things about me they find inspiring that they may adapt and take on board and then they'll find some things from other people but learning to speak is something I very well I understood from a very young age how important that would be that's a superpower okay so let me go back to the question I was asking where I'm trying to go with this so I asked a question I said imagine the 20-year-old that's watching this that's saying notate don't give me the answer for I can any anybody can create you know contribute to society I'm not that guy talk to me like I'm one in a million talk to me like I'm one so if I'm willing to get 20 years 30 years of my life to one way to go up to make true positive impact in America my country in the world Y what what should don't talk to me like everybody else both the standards what should I do what angle should I okay so first things first you need to be worthy of respect and you're going to be worthy of respect through having things which are difficult to acquire so first things first the basic things you need to be very focused on trying to make money because people will listen to you when you have money they just do secondly you need to be in fantastic physical condition because when you're in fantastic physical condition it cannot be bought it must be earned and people know that when you're I don't know about you if someone walked in to sell me something and they were obese I would not trust them the same as if they were in fantastic physical shape because I'd say I don't think you have dedication and heart I don't think there's something about you that I just wouldn't trust you the same so fantastic physical condition and money is is the first thing the second thing whatever your ideas are you need to learn how to communicate them speaking is a superpower in and of itself you need to become a fantastic Communicator you need to be comfortable in all Realms of communication you need to be persuasive you need to be comfortable arguing you'd be good at debating there's a lot of people out there in the world who have ideas that they can't even project into somebody else's mind how you going to how you going to rule the world with that how you going to get your ideas out there make an influence if you can't make other people understand exactly what you think that's the first thing second thing once they understand exactly what you think you need to make them agree with what you think these are two different skills must be practiced and must be learned if you're 20 years old and you want to change the world you need to be having endless debates endless without resorting to name calling not on Twitter like a dummy in person and you need to come across in a way that people agree with you we can go back quickly and talk about the red pill the difference between me when I talk to girls on these panel shows and every other guy when they talk to girls on these panel shows is when I'm done all the girls want me watch them watch the shows I say the same thing and by the end the chicks are in love with me as opposed to saying the same thing and the chicks thinking I'm a [ __ ] that's the difference I project my ideas and I make them agree with my ideas to a point where they're like texting me afterwards I'm not saying anything different it's how I'm communicating it some you can catch more flies with honey than than hurting people sometimes you need to be good at everything you need to have a Swiss army knife of tools I know when to be intimidating or aggressive I know when to come across as obtuse I know when to come across as exceptionally open-minded and easy to understand I know when to come across as understanding I all these things this all has to be practiced and a lot of it is yeah communication I would say if you're going to say to a 20-year-old who's truly exceptional and driven I'd say you need to become a master Communicator because once you can do that you can do anything and that fixes all the other problems right we talk about making money if you're a master Communicator you do fantastic in sales you'll kill sales you'll absolutely destroy sales if you're a master Communicator not many people know this but I used to sell Windows you know the old school knock on the door window sales I did window sales for two or three years and I'd say this is one of the hardest jobs you could possibly do and I would always recommend a young man if he has some time to waste to go sell windows and the reason it's fantastic because I'll tell you why it's the hardest one to sell because one nobody wants them two they don't know who you are and three even if you convince them that they need Windows after them not knowing who you are then they go to all your competitors and then it becomes a price War it's a nightmare it's the hardest sales job if you're selling a Lambo at least they want the lambo right nobody wants glass and plastic they already have windows so you got to find a way to sell them these windows how do you do that and that's where all this master communication comes in and it's so many subtle little things being a good salesman is not necessarily being a liar it's not being a trickster it's just understanding what's going to make the person believe and understand what you say if I walked in and said would you like new windows and they essentially said no we don't need new windows our Windows look fine I would say but what about the security aspect while looking at their three-year-old child and they sit there and go uh what do you mean security aspect and then I talk about how we had the lock 5,000 and their locks are easy to break as if glasses and glass it's all the same anyway and you'd end up selling the windows you have to find the triggers in people there's another thing people don't understand about me in my message sometimes I sit here and I say things that piss people off because that's how you trigger people to make action I have often written emails or done videos to especially to men when I want to help men to piss them off you're a loser you're a dumbass Andrew why do you mean because you're not going to go to the gym unless I tell you you're a [ __ ] loser and you are a loser and I'm not lying to you you are a loser the emotional trigger you need to get up off that chair is the fact that you're not important nobody cares who you are any girl you're ever in love with I could take and you're insignificant and when you die nobody's interested that's your fault you could have been something else you did that you failed it has to be done you have to be a master communicator and sometimes that involves also insulting people it's all a massive tapestry But to answer your question for the 20-year-old he needs to become a master at communicating but also to be a master at communicating to be a master at communicating you also you also need experiences worth talking about you have to live a life you need a degree of wisdom and wisdom doesn't always come with age it comes with life lived I had a guy messaged me this is a long time ago when I used to reply to my own emails too big now but he said I don't have any stories my life's boring I said bro where do you live he said Madrid I said bro ride the train from Madrid to St Petersburg ride the train from Madrid to vosto do the Trans Siberian Railway cost you like 300 bucks go oh but what if I get robbed exactly that's exactly the point what if you get robbed now you have a story maybe you'll die maybe you won't but you have a story don't bring your watch if you got a Rolex no no one wants to rob you anyway don't worry about it you're broky get on the train there has to be that degree of risk to even have a story because when you have a story then you can communicate the story a lot you can't be an empty vessel either so when you say to you're telling me how I build this 20-year-old into a super soldier yeah he has to be a master communicator but he also has to do things which are risky risk has value intrinsically linked to it intrinsically this is why people when you do risky things people want to hear the story your coolest stories involve risk something went wrong this could have happened I almost this I made it out without these risks you haven't got it so I would say to the 20-year-old do what I did get in the cage get in the ring knock someone out get knocked out train hard fighting will teach you everything you need to know about life you'll learn everything about who you truly are you learn if you're a coward or not you learn everything about perseverance and hard work and dedication everything about being underappreciated you learn everything about fear you learn all of it you learn everything about people you win a fight check your phone lose a fight check your phone you learn all about people you learn all about them you learn all about women I learned so much about women through fighting when I had a fight coming up and I was I was weight drained and I had barely eaten in weeks and I'd lost all this weight and I had a a world title fight and I'm fighting a guy who might kill me and she's complaining about the toilet seat I learn all about women you learn a lot about life through the through these difficult processes and paths and there used to be for men like a right of passage in most societies you had to go through something to become a man from a boy to a man but that thing was always difficult it's always been difficult now you have to self-induce it self-inflict it but if you're going to be a boy and never IND never bring on that self-inflicted right of passage how you going to ever become a man it's great feedback

  

males for a very long period of time had a very physical role our role was combatants our role was a combative role our role was to protect or to destroy or to dominate or to conquer this was a male's role so in the modern society where we pretend physicality isn't important and we deny physicality and people say it doesn't matter it absolutely does matter because since the dawn of human time my favorite saying everyone mocks me for since a dawn of human time for 95% of our existence a man's Ro was primarily a physical role so physicality is extremely important and when you're looking at body language it's quite difficult to have the body language of an alpha what is an alpha let me Diverse quickly what is an alpha if you look in the aion's pride who's the alpha the alpha is the biggest strongest lion this is this is the alpha the alpha is the badass so can you mimic the body language of a biggest long strongest lion yeah of course but if you're not the biggest strongest lion you know it's not as easy to pull off and someone might call your bluff so this is actually a very easy video body language is down to your physicality as a whole uh the body language of a g is a combative body language I'm not saying you walk through life like this like looking for a fight not at all but you have to have a presence about you whereas you're not an easy target it's quite funny actually because when you're a fighter you can spot other Fighters a mile off like and it's not just big ly guys like you can put me in a room with and 30 guys who go to the gym who are Fitness Experts can come in and walk through and if one of them is a high level combatant if one of them's a professional fighter like me I can I can tell by the way he moves probably the same way a dancer can sense another dancer I can sense another fighter and it's something instinctual it's something I can't even tell you how I do it I can just tell by the way someone moves if they can fight or if they can't fight doesn't matter they have the best body in the world they can be ripped a but it's the way they move I know I've seen guys who don't have a body like that and I can sense it and I've seen guys who are built like that and I can just tell they would crumble it really is an amazing thing and I think this is something that you become more tuned into more honed on when you're a fighter yourself but it's obviously something that humans naturally possess we naturally possess the ability to spot another male and think that guy's a dangerous guy so I can tell you tips and tricks in an attempt to mimic the body language of a dangerous person or you can become a dangerous person this course is not a shortcut course this is not tips and tricks this is not this is about how to become a g how to become a genuine ass genuine male of substance and to become a genuine male of substance you need to know how to fight it's very difficult to be a g if you're going through life and you crumble at at at physical confrontation because when you get to a certain point in your life you will encounter physical confrontations if you're going to go go and travel the world and drive fast cars and wear expensive things and attempt to beautiful women all over this planet sooner or later you're going to attract negative attention from either jealous men or an ex-boyfriend or a brother or who a robber who wants your car who knows are you really a g if you mimic every single as aspect of a high quality man and then when that situation happens you you fold no of course you're not you need need to learn how to fight I don't need to teach you how to fight I don't need to sit here in this course and say do this do that I don't need to teach you any of that because you can go and doesn't matter what city you are on earth there's an MMA class or there's a boxing class that will teach you how to fight you need to dedicate substantial periods and and and and portions of your time to learning how to fight you need to get hit you need to have your ass kicked you need to learn how to kick someone's ass and this is absolutely essential to one the mindset and to the physicality first mindset wise fighting is a is a brilliant thing because fighting is 100% accountable even if you play soccer for example even if your team wins maybe you didn't do very much or maybe you kicked the ball and the wind helped you who knows but fighting if you got punched in the face you didn't move and if you punched him in the face you threw your hand in fighting we always say there's no such thing as a lucky punch and it's true you know I if I dedicate my life to learning how to punch and then I knock someone out is it a lucky punch no I knocked him out that's that's what I've been training to no such thing as a lucky punch so mindset wise is perfect for your accountability secondly it's a huge challenge learning how to fight is extremely difficult it's more difficult than learning how to dance or learning how to do anything else and the reason for this is because learning how to fight all humans have an instinctual way of fighting we don't have an instinctual way to dance as much but all humans basically are pre-programmed to fight but the way we're pre-programmed to fight is completely wrong we're pre-programmed to lift our head up so we look big and we can see and and to swing with our hands low for maximum power and these are completely wrong in terms of traditional chin down hands up fighting so when you're learning to fight you're you're reprogramming your Basic Instincts and this is why it's so difficult this is why it takes more practice than any other sport I could learn to dance much easier than a dancer could learn to fight at high level um and that's because fighting is extremely chaotic it's extremely quick it hurts and on top of that you're trying to reprogram a Basic Instinct so it's a very difficult thing to do but if you want to become a g for real you need to learn how to fight and once you learn how to fight your body language when I say once you learn how to fight learning how to fight takes years once you start to begin to learn how to fight it's a lifestyle choice this is not a I do a six week course and I know how to fight no this is a lifestyle choice where you start to dedicate a certain period of your time every single week to being a combative individual and it's something that you never really give up on because you never completely learn how to fight so it's something you're going to have to change your lifestyle and base it around but when you start to do that your body language is going to change and once again just like in the first lesson when you start to do that the way you interact and view the world will start to change the way you view other people will start to change this is a great thing about especially when I had Twitter and the internet I wasn't I wasn't big on Twitter until Trump was Trump was elected and that's when I started to tweet and they verified me straight away and I got mixed up and everything went crazy but um you realize that 9 sent to people on there with their opinions and who are being rude would never speak to you that way in in in real life it never bothered me it didn't ever upset me but when I was on Twitter I was I've never been spoken to that way in real life nobody ever spoke to me that way no one ever argued with me that way and I thought well why is that and I thought because I have a physical presence that even I was unaware of if I sit with someone who hates Trump in real in the real world the way they speak to me is completely different than they do on Twitter because even subconsciously they're thinking this guy is a dangerous guy and even if even if they know I'd never attack them cuz I'm not I'm not an idiot I'm not an animal I don't have a criminal record I'm not I'm not a thug but instinctually inside of their mind from an evolutionary standpoint they're thinking this is not the kind of guy you you call names this is not the kind of guy you talk to in that manner and was a really great experiment for me to see the way that people talk to you through a computer and the way that I've never been interacted with that way in real life and I was like well why is that cuz I said this to someone else oh people talk to me like that all the time say well yeah it's cuz you're you and I'm me so a physical presence is it's a real thing and it's a real thing one with other males it's certainly a real thing with females absolutely a real thing with females and this is something that either I can teach you to imitate I can tell you tips and tricks or you can just go and do it if you go and do it for real you don't need tips and tricks are you going to be world champion no because I'm in the top .1% of of physical athletes but can you be good sure you can be good and is it going to damage your life in any way to dedicate specific time learning how to fight of course not you're going to be in phal better physical condition better mental condition you're going to have a better body language because a male's body language is a combative body language that's what men are meant to do we are meant to fight We're Meant To Conquer this is why men have been men since the dawn of human time this is why the Romans got some rocks melted the rocks made swords these didn't have Google Maps they didn't know where they were going they thought let's just walk in this direction and then we're going to find some people and we're going to kill them we're going to take all their women and we're going to conquer their City because we want this is what men have been built to do since to Dawn a human time men are combative individuals so to pretend that combat is not real anymore we live in society and you don't have to all garbage you know and this is Western Society anyway if you've been I've been to 71 countries if you go to the places I've been you will realize that physical presence is still a very real thing absolutely a very real thing in many parts of this planet still today so body language of a g is a very very short and simple lesson one go and learn to fight because a man's body language needs to be a combative body language and there's no point in me teaching you how to imitate that we can go and learn it for real that's the first thing go and learn how to fight and that's it it's really that simple if you want uh a body language which really does display your value as a high value male then go and become one and learning how to fight is is the easiest way to do that my name is Tristan Tate congratulations on buying the body language course my brother's body language as it's been commented on by many many people is always on point but I'm here today to talk about how you and your best friend your brother your companion whoever you like to hang out with how your body language can complement each other now the main reason for this isn't to be combat ready as Andrew touched on in a previous video but it's more to avoid confrontation now me and Andrew are very controversial characters almost nobody who knows who we are likes us you are one of the few people you are one of the elite the people who actually understand what we're talking about and like what we have to say but most people don't that said we are never started on in the real world now of course now we're well-renowned uh kickboxing Champions but we've always had the same principles and the same body language and the same mannerisms and we've noticed that people do not start on us very often and the best way to avoid conflict and to avoid combat is to be perceptive there was a very famous experiment actually done in India where uh tiger attacks on Indian miners were completely going crazy the the numbers were through the roof and you can look this up please look it up and the solution they came to to avoid tigers attacking the miners with these miners would take human-faced masks and wear them on the back of their heads so they'd do their mining go down in their boats drive around in their trucks be out in the open with this mask on the back of their head and if you look it up on Google images for sure you'll be able to find exactly what I'm talking about you'll see that the masks look stupid it looks ridiculous it was it was only a very minor touch that these guys thought about the problem and uh actually applied something but tiger attacks essentially dropped to zero now men very much like tigers are big too I just thought of that I didn't actually write this but um what you'll find is everyone's a coward and no one wants to fight one-on-one so even if there's only two of you your body language how you stand and where you place yourself can be a massive deterrent to being started on or having any kind of physical confrontation now in school they teach you uh things like a strong handshake and I'm sure the basis of this is in every single course or guide to body language in the world but they teach it for the wrong reasons in school I was taught that a strong handshake makes the person who I want to employ me like me more or take me more seriously but you could convey many different expressions and emotions with something as simple as a handshake if I'm in a room with a group of people who may or may not be hostile if I'm in a room with a group of people who may or may not be hostile the standard good handshake they'll teach you to give with the right expression on your face can also mean don't with me it can say I'm stronger than you it can say I'm not a pushover these are things that people don't think about because it's never taught everyone's taught how to shake hands to say please employ me please give me a job but many other things can be conveyed with just a handshake now when me and Andre are out in public we're always watching each other's backs now paranoia isn't cool it isn't sexy uh and it isn't really Alpha to be paranoid all the time that somebody's going to start on you um I know people who walk through the world in this way they're scared of everything and everybody the the police the person walking behind them they're jumping that's not what I'm talking about and that is not the way men like me and Andrew behave when I talk about watching each other's backs it's the small things that me and Andrew do that people who will hang around with us pick up on you guys at home won't see these things because they're never recorded and they're never on cam me and Andrew always sit for example across the table from one another just in case somebody decides to come up from behind and attack us it's very much like the tiger analogy wearing the mask on the back of your head I am his other set of eyes if Andrew's on a date with a beautiful woman and I'm sitting with my back against the wall and I can see what's going on behind Andrew Andrew can relax Andrew can have his good time he cannot worry about looking over his shoulder because you know me and Andrew do have a few enemies um everywhere including the city where we live this doesn't just apply when you're with somebody else but it can very much apply to yourself are you by yourself are you in Starbucks getting a coffee about to do some work on your laptop fine be very careful about where you sit choose somewhere where your back is against the wall like right now I'm sitting in a corner I can see everything that's going on in the room in front of me this is the place you want to sit not because you think somebody's going to come up and attack you not because you are scared of uh asants or muggers or robbers just being able to see everything that goes on in the room gives you the chance to react to situations I guarantee if you were to look at some of the V viant crazy things that have happened in Europe from bombings to terrorist attacks in the last few years some of the people who survived survived because of where they were sitting and it wasn't chance a few of the people I'm sure were self-aware enough to be perspicacious about their environment to sit in the corner to watch what's going on to be able to react to the environment around them now when I see people with headphones in slouched over a table with their coffee typing away away on their laptop top and the whole room's behind them and they're facing a wall they look like a Target to me you don't have to be a tiger to know that that person is a target if anything goes down in that coffee shop if anything goes down in that restaurant that person is going to be one of the first to die so watch each other's backs and sit across the table from one another always I have had people who I've invited over to Eastern Europe who assume that me and Andrew are the kings of everywhere we go mostly because me and Andrew you are very adapt Fighters and we can handle ourselves very well but you need to understand in most situations from Western Europe to Eastern Europe when you go to very expensive exclusive places nightclubs first class lounges at airports the people around you are your equals or your betters in in some respect financially or or or some in in one way or another now if I'm in a club and I'm sitting in the VIP section there are six tables only in an entire club that has maybe 2,000 people in it I know those other people are somebody's too there very rarely will a club just let some loser in to sit around and drink their super expensive alcohol and even then it's a promoter who knows people or who's friends with the owner or something like that now me and Andrew hang out in Eastern Europe a lot so watching each other's backs isn't just actually viewing your surroundings and knowing what's going on around you your self-awareness it's also how you interact with the people who surround you to give you an example if I sit down at a table and there are three or four Dudes a number of dudes who outnumber us to my right now this has happened plenty of times where there are six or seven girls on my table now how you assert yourself is going to determine whether or not those guys try to roll up on your women you're only two guys you're with six girls they assume that these girls are friends of my girlfriend they don't know I'm three and Andrew's through so of course it's natural and normal for other guys to at least think about talking to the girls who have come with you to the club that doesn't happen to be an and because of the way we assert ourselves what you'll typically find is the most confident amongst them works as a scout will say hi will say can I borrow a lighter from one of the girls when that happens always ask the girl if she's okay afterwards I do it all the time girl a guy will be like excuse me do you have a lighter to one of my girls I'll say say hey you okay and touch her arm gently so the guy says oh I was just asking for a lighter no problem my friend handshake eye contact you know you have to assert don't with me with the initial contact with the guy if I just turn my back and ignore him after the lighter's been borrowed and he gives it back he's going to say where you from who are you what's up you know you have to cut things off the moment they happen you have to nip it in the bud so the way you conduct yourself within your own group of people will stop others trying to come over and invade your space so the key is always to put yourself in a position of power don't just sit down and start guzzling away on drinks I don't typically sit next to Andrew and talk away and let our girls mind their own business we're mixed in with them two or three girls divided by one of us at any stage around a round table uh if you know what I mean so we're always in control of our group in control of our herd if you like so the way you position yourself lets others know not to creep up on you not to try to talk to your women and especially not to start some sort of stupid argument that said in clubs also combat Readiness I always like to keep at least one of my hands free if my hand isn't free it's something that can be used as a weapon now I've in my life been in maybe two fights inside of nightclubs none of them in Eastern Europe it's more of an England thing and I avoid conflict at all costs but the way you stand can mean the difference between getting your ass kicked and winning a fight typically even if I'm smoking a cigar the cigar can be easily dropped I'll keep it in my left hand my right hand is the hand that I'm going to strike with first that's where I'll hold my glass cuz a glass can be used as a weapon just as much as a fist can be used as a weapon and I always stand left foot in front of right foot ever so slightly just so I can't be caught off guard just so that I'm not off balance just so that at any one time with my glass and my cigar in one hand if someone approaches really quickly which is how these things always start you're always good to throw a strike throw the glass or throw a punch before people even come over and try to talk to girls you're with or try to start a fight with you people will always Scout you out they'll always stare at you for a little period of time they'll ask their friends what do you think these two are doing with all those girls where do you think these guys are from so when you catch them looking at you don't stare them out don't put an aggressive look on your face cuz that just makes them want fight you more especially if you're outnumbered that's going to encourage a physical altercation so you don't sit there looking angry at them and what you absolutely don't do is when they catch you looking at them look away instantly that shows cowardness what I do I'm a very confident guy Andrew as well keep in mind that when we're in a high class establishment the people who are with us are you know successful guys rich guys Mafia guys dangerous guys there's somebody to be sitting there so if I'm holding my drink typically if I catch them looking and I catch eye contact I'll SN at them or I'll go like this I'll raise my glass slightly and continue drinking they'll typically do the same thing back and that eases all tension nobody after that is going to come over and start trying to throw punches to your face so if you sit confidently and assert yourself just with your eyes and the looks that you give the people around you you can avoid basically all types of of Confrontation no one's going to come over and try and talk to your women no one's going to come over and try to assault you try to insult you um you have to set an atmosphere and set a vibe that you're friendly but you're not to be with and one more time that takes me back to the handshake that's what you need to say when you introduce yourself to people especially if they come over to your table and try to do something you don't like like talk to your girlfriend now I know I may look big and scary and some people watching may think oh well you know it's all right for you you're big and mean looking so nobody's going to start a fight on you nobody's going to want to engage in conflict with you that's not necessarily true you can assert yourself with confidence alone the way you Scout the room everything I was saying earlier sitting in the corner watching everybody around you gives you the chance to see exactly what's going on now that reminds me of a clip I saw on the internet of a man I believe it was in Australia where 10 to 15 guys ran into a bar I think they were trying to attack somebody or Rob the place I'm not sure what these asants were doing this guy was standing his his back was to a pillar in the middle of the room so no one could necessarily run up behind him and he was standing at the bar he wasn't a very big guy or necessarily scary looking guy but he stood there with one of his hands on his glass and the other hand completely free and as each person rushed by him and rushed up to him he glanced at them slightly now the ccdv footage is a little grainy I can't see exactly how he looked at these people but he didn't look down at the floor he didn't stare at him with fear and he didn't sit there with an angry look on his face he must have by process of elimination 10 10 guys ran by him they all glanced at him and nobody started on him he must have conveyed some of the tips I've been talking to you about in this video now why does nobody start on this guy he doesn't panic he doesn't flee he doesn't run that portrays somebody who can handle thems certainly his hands are free he's calm he's confident and he's looking at what's going on around him the people who rushed into that bar were 10 to 15 individuals they were not confident men nobody who wants to go and rob somebody or attack somebody has to bring 10 to 15 of their friends if they're not cowards it's like splitting up a pack of sheep you know the Herd on its own can look intimidating coming towards you when you get one on their own they're absolutely terrified and that's exactly how this guy handled the situation he looked at each one of them as a one-on-one situation a one-on-one man-on-man confrontation and when they got that look and when the guys made eye contact with him or when they brushed past him none of those people wanted to fight him and that's the way the real world is this takes me back to my original Point what those Indian Miners did by putting the masks on the back of their head may seem so insignificant and so stupid and by all means please google it they look ridiculous but all it takes is the tiniest of little steps and the tiniest of little details to deter physical confrontation and to stay out of conflict the reason behind this is because most men are cowards most men don't want to fight you one-on-one occasionally you'll meet that guy every once in a while who thinks he can handle himself has a problem with you and wants to deal with you and will actually come forward wanting to fight you head on but that's not the way the world is 99.9% of men cannot throw a punch they can't throw a punch they can't take a punch and deep down they know it that's why tiny little details can completely avoid conflict now in the last 10 years me and Andrew have had maybe five or six physical altercations where hitting someone has become a necessity and every single time they've been very easy to deal with but on top of those there have been at least 2 100 times where somebody has wanted to hit me or Andrew or somebody has thought something negative about or andreid and it could have spiraled into a physical altercation had I been in the wrong company or had I displayed the wrong body language that's a massive part of conflict avoidance

foreign [Music] do you have a little bit of a system you can share on how to make money I know we've got covertake.com we'll keep shouting it out but any tips for someone who's ready yep but they don't yet know the how completely so we teach it inside of the real world of course I keep mentioning it because it's so important but there are three keys I believe to making money the word of the day first one is perspicacity most people go through life and they do not pay attention I've said this before and I want to stick by it because it's so important you need to pay attention to every single time you spend money because you cannot make money you're not the Federal Reserve you're not a government governments make money all of us take money from somebody else or business or government we take money from other things so the easiest way to learn how to get good at taking money is to pay attention to every time someone takes money from you so next time you buy coffee don't just buy the coffee and drink it and think nothing of it like every Brokey don't do that say okay I why am I buying this coffee okay I want a coffee all right why am I why am I buying here well this is on my way to work is there any competition around do I also want breakfast do they sell breakfast no they don't sell breakfast they could probably make some more money they're selling breakfast anyway I walk in there's a long line why is there one member of Staff I'm low on time I'm about to leave and not buy the coffee they're about to lose money because it's taking too long most the people in this line are businessmen why isn't all a cute girl behind the camera I bet if they paid a cute girl a little bit more they'd still make a bunch more money because people come in here to talk to her think and then what you'll do is as you go through life every time you spend money is you'll realize the problem is not how to make money the problem is how much time you have because there's endless business ideas there's endless ideas I walk into a coffee shop and by the time I've walked out I already know exactly how to open up next door and out-compete them head to toe I already have worked out how much is the rent where are they [ __ ] up what are they not selling they should be selling what they're doing good what are they doing bad this chair is too hard I'll wreck them and I'll send it and now my network is so powerful which is the second Point Network I can send a few messages on Whatsapp make a bank transfer two months later there's a brand new coffee shop next door with my name on it put them out put them out of business so the first thing is you have to pay attention because if you pay attention you'll start to learn that money is everywhere every building is owned these are skyscrapers for a billion billion billion billions every apartment nowadays is a million million million you drive down a street in London you're driving past trillions of dollars there's money everywhere it's all around us when I was broke I thought that the world was broke I thought that there was no money and then I got rich and realized that I was completely utterly wrong there's so much money it's everywhere if I go to try and buy a plane or a jet they're always sold out my yard is this [ __ ] six year waiting list I want a Bugatti they launch it the email comes to my email address two minutes later gone like there's so much money if I want a diamond watch or a million dollar watch or a million dollar rocks you can't get this stuff there is so much money out there once you get to a certain Echelon you realize there's money [ __ ] everywhere so there's plenty of money in the world people with no money are just not very good at taking it so you need to start paying attention first thing second thing is Network it's hard to make money if you don't know anybody who has money if you sit in a room full of ice cream experts and all they talk about is ice cream how to make ice cream the different flavors how to store it how to move it how to sell it even by accident if you hang around these people long enough when someone asks you a question about ice cream that's what you're gonna you're gonna know the answer you're gonna say you know what that's because it's pistachio and that needs to be two degrees higher than chocolate and you look a smart ass so if you sit in a room full of people who are making a bunch of money everyone understands this your network is your net worth you're the sum of The Five People You spend the most time with everybody understands this and then they still hang around with [ __ ] losers because they're dummies you're right I am the sum of the five people spend the most time with anyway this is my friend Nick he's so funny when we go drinking because he gets really drunk losers I don't talk to anybody who is not winning everybody whose phone every phone call I will answer if I answer a phone call is from a winner I don't talk to losers everyone I talk to is Rich everyone I talk to is making money everybody if my entire reality is full of multi-millionaires making money how am I not going to make money and this is why network is so important is because it's the same reason that wolves hunt in packs if you're a lone animal you have one set of eyes but if you're a pack you're watching every single angle every single side perhaps I might miss something I'm as perspicacious as possible but one of my friends identifies that the war in Ukraine is going to change and the Russian Ruble is going to pump and you can make a bunch of money on a Forex tree for example I may or not noticed but he'll notice now I've made a bunch of million dollars to get a text message right because I have friends who are paying attention all of us are paying attention so your network is super important that's another thing we'll go into this because I have something called the War Room which is also on corporate.com I'll let people read for themselves but that's my private Network we specifically talk about money and and a few other things but that's more like a mastermind it's it's the real world's how to make money and the war rooms what to do with money if that makes sense yeah it's all on corporate.com I don't want to get off track but it's there but second is Network and third is to identify the reason why you don't have as much money as you want so far and there's one of three reasons you are either lazy stupid or arrogant there's only three reasons anyone is poor and you have to identify and choose which one it is the majority of people are not the one they think they are the majority of people are the one I'm about to say at the end so let's start with lazy there are a lot of lazy people the unfortunate reality about money is that you are competing so it's player versus player it's like anything in the world if you want that beautiful girl so does everyone else you have to win the competition you want that car you have to get it first you want that money everyone wants that money you have to compete it's competitive business is competitive you are competing against people like me you're competing against people like the people in my network you're competing about people who only talk about money who understand money very well who operate in jurisdictions all around the planet who are extremely well connected who know things before you know them who have mass influence and mass power and mass resource you're competing against me this is what you must understand you're not waking up going I want to make some money you're competing against people like me you're competing against billionaires you're competing against hedge funds how do these hedge funds keep growing where are they getting that money from from the brokies they're robbing you they're robbing all the poor people from the pension fund dummy that's where they get it from this is who you're competing against so the competition is absolutely and utterly fierce understanding that understanding that you're a man with a small pistol up against a mighty Army if you want to add a little bit of laziness on top you're [ __ ] so when I say people are lazy they go I'm not lazy I work hard every day you work eight hours a day okay if I'm awake I'm working I'll be driving my Bugatti Chiron through Dubai working I'm texting that the same [ __ ] time I don't take a second off I don't take a minute off I don't relax I don't rest I don't stop I don't chill none ever I'm either asleep or at work that's it second I wake up I check my phone I begin working I go to the gym in between sets I am working I'm online working the entire [ __ ] day until the second I go to sleep I am at work that is all I do and you are at home competing against me and you want to watch a movie tonight and then say you're not lazy you're [ __ ] lazy and you're gonna lose forever that's laziness next is stupid I don't think many people are actually too stupid to be rich you can be below average IQ and still get very rich very a very small percentage of people are too dumb to be rich the slave Minds they'll never be rich because the Matrix tries to keep you poor because when you're poor you can't think like we talked about earlier so everything the media tells you is designed to make you poor they want you broke and struggling because if you rely on the government for food stamps and you can't argue with the government can you so that's what they want so anyone who believes in The Matrix and believes in medium believes in the lies they're told in order to sit there and goes that's true that it's literally designed to make you broke that's why it's all a scam do gcses do your A Levels get in debt go to UNI get out get a [ __ ] job get a mortgage don't worry when you've paid that mortgage off when you're 61 then you'll have enough money to go to Spain for holiday then your pension comes oh government doesn't have potential money anymore funny enough hedge fund stole it pay half your money in your life in tax oops and then you wake up one day and go whoa I just got [ __ ] so the whole scam the whole story is a lie because they want you broke they don't want you rich if you're rich you won't listen to them so all of it's a [ __ ] lie and intrinsically we all know this right if I when I pull up in one of my dirty cars to a gas station and people look at me and they see a Lambo or Ferrari or a Bugatti or a kernan's egg whatever I'm driving nobody goes wow he went to school no they think drug dealer gangster they're thinking they're thinking he broke the rules because anyone who follows the rules doesn't get [ __ ] it's all a scam it's all a [ __ ] lie so the slave minds are [ __ ] but those are the only ones who are too stupid to make money anybody who understands that the Matrix is lying to them is smart enough so very few very small percent are too stupid inside of our school at the height of it before the Matrix attack were relaunching now we had 175 000 students wow we had 175 000 students maybe 2 000 we kicked out for being too stupid it's step by step do this do that do this and don't be lazy [ __ ] it's not that hard right so stupid is not the problem so we have people who are lazy very few are stupid but the majority the main reason most people are broke is because they are arrogant I will sit here and say all the things I've said I will do this take time out my life for free somebody at home will watch and digest it for free they will agree with the things that are being said or at least be entertained enough to continue to watch and then I'll say I'll teach you how to make money online covertake.com you can join the real world and they'll sit there and go yeah I'll do it myself they're arrogant they have these egos from [ __ ] knows where because they didn't earn it and they're just too arrogant to listen to anybody I became World Champion by listening to my coach I didn't become a world champion by walking in and saying I'll do it myself it's not how you get anywhere in life you have to listen if if Mike Tyson were to walk in or if Elon Musk were to walk in here and talk to me about money I wouldn't be sitting there going I could do that I'd be like Oh Mr Elon richest man in the world hello very nice to meet you please even though I already understand I don't want to launch a car brand or put rockets in space please you must know some things I don't know how do you deal with the currency fluctuations does it does does inflation impact how much it costs for you to send a rocket into space like I'll ask him something that's useful right but some people some people are so brutally arrogant that they'll sit here and they'll listen to all the things I said and they'll agree that I'm intelligent they'll agree on massively successful but they'll sit there and go yeah but you know what I'll do it myself I don't want to join that school because you know I'll just do I'll do it myself they're arrogant everybody's [ __ ] arrogant I sit with people who I used to go to school with from Luton who are still broke and tell them how to make money and you know what they do they answer back yeah but you know it's not that simple because you know the wife gets the kid you know what and I I don't like to do things that way the way I like to work the way you like to work is while you're [ __ ] broke so what the [ __ ] you talking about and you just sat here and wasted 10 minutes of my time I told you how to take your business of Painting and Decorating or whatever the [ __ ] you're doing I'd make a serious amount of money and now you're telling me the way you like to work then stay [ __ ] broke the [ __ ] you want me to do what level of arrogance but this is people they'll sit with a multi-millionaire and tell you their view I think that know when you're out qualified and accept it and learn so we all do I'm not going to get I can't play piano for [ __ ] the piano teacher walked in here and said this is what you do and I said well I like to move my hands this way what kind of dumbass but this is the this is the arrogance people operate under so I'd say 20 of people are lazy 20 to 25 a large portion of the world are not lazy they're actually working exceptionally hard but they're doing the wrong thing five percent of people are too stupid so say 25 5 is 30 but 70 of people are brutally arrogant and this is why they are poor that's the truth and how did you make your first million good question I've talked about this already it was an unorthodox strategy I've talked about it at length so I won't give the whole story because it's too long but I identified a gap I identified a market I approached the scenario in the situation extremely professionally and I worked exceptionally hard and I remember first million dollars so I what my first Millions came from owning a webcam Studio so I saw a little advertisement in the corner of a web page saying talk to live girls now I've never been a porn guy I'm not interested in that [ __ ] but I was like that's interesting I know some girls who need some money boom boom boom I put together this apparatus extremely professional no [ __ ] sexual misconduct no Dan Bilzerian no threesomes nothing very professionalism very professional outfit and I used all my business knowledge and all my life knowledge and I applied it I worked 22 hour days I would say I got to the point where I was so tired so tired but I said you know what give me 20 minutes and if the alarm if I could hear the alarm go off I'd get up sometimes I just slept clean through it and I slept an hour or two for months and months and months and I built an Empire I built an insanely large empire at one point I'm completely out of that business now but how did I go as in did you sell it uh I didn't sell it I just closed it all down I moved on I started making a bunch of money and I found other opportunities but how did I get that opportunity perspicacy first thing I said pay attention I paid attention I looked at the girl I'll give you the coffee shop example this is what I did I clicked on that advert I saw the girl sitting there miserable waiting for a customer I thought nobody was going to buy from an unhappy [ __ ] you need these men are the men who are paying her are trying to escape an unhappy life or they would be doing this [ __ ] so when I got my girls online smile happy girls get paid that was a token that was a slogan happy girls get rich joking who's he gonna pay you're gonna pay the girls like yeah yeah having a having a blast so I paid attention to the competition I saw an opportunity just at the coffee shop so all the things they did wrong the room was messy camera quality was [ __ ] there's the basic stuff the way the girl acted and interacted all that stuff and I applied it all by paying attention countless hours watching everybody else finding the way to do it better just like with the coffee shop and I did it better so I was absolutely not really perspicacious and that's that's how you make money and I did it with that but I could have done it with anything and now I do it with everything the story of me sending a text message via my network and having a coffee shop is a true story I have never I don't think I've even I've been in there maybe twice I'm gonna go and and I have mechanisms in place to make sure I'm not robbed too badly because unfortunately a little bit cash goes missing but everything's in in place and it makes me money I don't think I've even drunk my own coffee I identified I put together a list it needs to be like this like this like this like this like this I have competent people who work for me which is very hard to find but I do they understand to follow the doctrine to the doctrine and I'm getting money into a bank account that's it and you can do that with literally anything if you have a strong Network and you pay attention you do anything even podcasts we're doing a podcast right now you guys are already big and successful at this I'm telling you can look at the biggest podcast in the world and still see what they're doing right what they're doing wrong it's just a game that's the game and then you have to outcompete everybody else myself I'm watching net worth now you know what's it's kind of funny because there's that sigh that's the shittest question so far no no it's it's uh I don't actually really know because they say if you don't know what you've got they say if you know what you've got you ain't got much and it's so [ __ ] true I don't know how much that coffee shop is worth I know what it makes me roughly a month I don't know why I could sell it for I can guess now like if I would put a six times multiplier on it you know I could guess but then what am I doing for every property how much are all my properties worth [ __ ] notes different than when I bought them so the price has gone up down I don't even check don't know so how much will the property works I can guess how much the business is worth I could guess how much is my brand worth if I put my name to something that sells I've been offered 50 60 70 million dollars to sell junk to Children which I wouldn't do because I have too much morals how much is my brand worth I'm the most Googled man on the [ __ ] planet gold knows like I I couldn't guess I would guess that because there's different metrics of measuring the value of say a business sometimes they'll put a three times multiplier on it sometimes about eight times multiplier on it let's put it this way Hustler's University 175 000 students was doing about 13 million dollars a month profit that's an online educational Company online is the future education is the future it was seamless fantastic out competed Oxford Cambridge everybody it was the best school on the planet not just because we had 175 000 students because we retained 175 000 students that's the key 175 000 people were making more money than they invested each month there's no other platform on the planet that can do that we had no competition there was no other online digital learning platform that was even one percent as close we were the largest online digital teaching platform on the planet and everybody wants to make money so everybody wants to join male female rich country poor country that's 13 million a month that was doing so what's that 120 130 million dollars a year eight times multiplier is that what what's that worth 800 Million by itself like depending how you want to estimate I can sit here and say I'm worth 200 million dollars or a billion dollars I could be a billionaire with net worth for the things I own things I'm in control of depends on how you want to analyze it so the reason I side is because I don't have a clue how much money I'm worth I don't know I know that if I want [ __ ] I get it I know that the world is effectively free now I'm at a point of money where I never ever contemplate the price of anything ever the whole world the only way I can explain being ridiculously rich is that everything is completely free so if you want something even one percent even if you time even if you want something a little bit the cost is zero percent consideration so I have 30 cars I tried to stop at 10 but the car the car owners know I'm going to buy them right so they they decide to launch a new Lambo and they text me and go hey new Lambo I don't even ask to see a picture I'm just like okay because I'm not going to notice the money going missing so why not at least I might I might only glance at it for three seconds I may never even drive it I might just go home yeah it's all right that's worth the money to me because the money is worth nothing so the whole world the whole world is free if I want coffee it's like I buy I buy and do things like the same way a person not even buys a coffee like a penny sweet it's just like oh [ __ ] it all right it doesn't it doesn't mean anything I can't I can't explain it I don't have a clue how much money that's the answer I don't know I just know I can have whatever I want hey before you go if you want to watch the full uncut interview with Andrew Tate no holes bad like you've never seen before you can watch it here and before you go make sure you like the video subscribe to the channel and turn the notification Bell on and remember if you don't risk anything thank you foreign

I make jokes about being in jail I was in jail for three months I'm like when people start moaning about things oh well I was in jail what do you want therapy like you're telling me in a sad way what do you want me to do lay down on the couch to stroke your head no no you gotta get over it so God gives you these chances to suffer so you can level up your character but I'll often tell you most of you people at home which are complaining that your life is difficult I'll actually argue that most of your lives are too easy even though that God gives you these chances to level up and God gives you these difficulties most most of you 99 of you need to adopt more difficulty yourselves I mean you need to wake up and find more struggle yourself if you truly want to be a fierce system you gotta find pain those are the good old days Andrew those are the good old days absolutely and this is where again it goes back to leveling up your character and your network and who you are as a man you have that money in the bank your bills were obviously paid did you at least use that time to become fearsome did you at least use that time to become the kind of man who can wear a normal ass t-shirt but still look like Hercules because if you didn't if you didn't then you wasted the money anyway that's exactly that's the kind of thing you should have been doing as bare minimum standard that's bare minimum because that because now you're fat and out of shape and you're broke and I would argue you have an opportunity to be very very very happy I was just as happy when I was broke because I felt happy climbing and trying to get somewhere I had this vision of where I wanted to go that [ __ ] should be fun to you if you can't get excited about the man you're gonna become you're in deep deep [ __ ] that's the best motivation in the world yeah and there's a sense of contentment that comes from doing the things you're supposed to do it doesn't even people say it's the journey not the destination that's true but I wake up and I if I have a day where I've worked as hard as I can I've trained and done all the training I'm supposed to do I've spoken to all the people I'm supposed to speak to I've eaten right I've done everything right I feel happy just from doing the right things you do the right things over and over again you're gonna end up in the right place it's all building blocks you should feel good from just doing the right things regardless and you'll end up there on accident life is actually very easy to succeed in and I get all the questions we've been asked so far today and all the questions we get asked in general are basically different versions of the same question how do I achieve X and the answer is always going to be hard work there's always going to be the sentence and the saying I use over and over again people think is a joke unmatched perspicacity and Shear into fatigability the ability to pay attention notice things and never quit that's all it is pay attention notice things and never give up and if you do that you're gonna succeed it is so easy to be successful in life when I meet a person who's not successful I have to analyze why did this guy decide to quit what was Morris what was more interesting to him than being the man he could have been was it food was it that one chick who broke his heart and just ran him around for years what was it that distracted him from his life purpose of being something that mattered weed porn garbage and then and then in the end you only end up sad all these temporary happinesses that they don't last long you could have temporary happiness for what a day a week you could eat cake it'll make you happy for five minutes if that if that you can't delay gratification to have genuine happiness all genuine happiness has to be delayed it has to be you have to go through the pain first [Music]

what do you think is the hardest challenge for the average man that's a good question it's a really good question I think that a lot of people don't understand that is all of the challenges and struggles that's going to make them it's either going to make or break them I read I don't read studies very often but I was sent a study about stress from somebody it's probably the best study I ever read and it's talked about the placebo effect of stress and I said that there they took some of the most stressed people in the world CEOs Etc and the ones who believe that stress was really bad for them were dying earlier because of the cortisol inside of the blood and they stretch it would be back from there having heart attacks the ones who believe that stress was good for them and it made their perform I perform Under Pressure stress excuse me they will be longer so the same drug inside of their blood how they framed it inside of their mind had different effects on their body so from that point onwards even though I already thought this way I knew I was the right way I knew it was the right way to think innate openness I've done pretty good in life that way but this confirmed it every time I feel stressed or under pressure I get excited I I hate to not be stressed I wake up and I'm like everything's [ __ ] good yes like that's just how I am right but it's it's how you would die it's how you look at the problems and how you use them to fuel you so the question was what's the problem for the average man today was the biggest problem I think there's a whole host of problems but what you have to do is frame it inside of your mind and understand that all of those problems are going to allow you give you the fuel the unlimited motivation that you need to become a successful and and beautiful individual if you frame it in the right way if you take a man and give him a life shielded from problems that he never has any to face I guarantee you he's terrible at being a man the best men in the world have gone through [ __ ] that's just that's why women love scars because it didn't kill you that's the whole point of it right so the best thing you can do as a man is look and go okay this is hard this is hard this is hard this is hard I feel negative because these are all so difficult I'm struggling with XYZ let me internalize all of that and turn it into a superpower let me become genuinely uncomfortable with my situation in life and go and fix things because like I said the universe is absolutely and utterly very giving and if you truly hate it being in the position you were in you wouldn't be there very long so I think the the the number one problem with with the world today and the biggest problem that men face isn't the problems themselves it's just the way that they've been taught to mentally frame issues people think when bad things happen to them that somehow they're a victim to the universe and bad things only happen to me and this is so terrible they don't understand that bad things happen to everybody the most successful person you know had all those problems maybe even worse at least the same bad things happen to them they've just framed it differently and used it that's that's the difference but a lot of people look up to you obviously but what is an achievable amount and a normal guy in the street should be looking to achieve do you think on a salary basis yeah and that's and that's a good question I I truthfully believe that the universe is a very giving place and I don't want to sound you know Airy fairy but I truthfully believe the universe is a giving place and that if you actually really want something you can have it how much you want is how much you're prepared to sacrifice so if you want half a million a year you can definitely make that and that level of stress you'll absorb for that money and the amount of uh headache you'll go through if that's the amount you're prepared to accept for a happy life you'll have it do you think anyone can do that though I think that you have to pre-decide right so even my level of wealth comes with enormous stress governments are after me like in it most people are not mentally prepared for the [ __ ] I go through so the number one factor that's going to decide how successful you are as a person is your ability to absorb stress your stress level the better you are dealing with stress the more problems you can fix more money you're gonna make so you have to decide where on that scale because you could just be homeless and have no stress you could just be you could be a broke and be on the Dole and just you know I'm broke but nothing really troubles me so you have to decide on that level where you want how much stress you can possibly absorb as a man and then if you truly want that level you're gonna get it I believe any man can make anything they want depending any one of you here I'd have no idea how much money you're making but if you were to say you know what I'm throwing away my relationship I'm throwing away my social life and I'm going ham I'm going nuts and oh I don't care what they do to me I'm gonna I'm gonna go and I'm gonna make it you'd make a bunch of money but there's a bunch of garbage that comes with it so you have to decide right so I think it's a conscious decision anybody can be as rich as they want to be that's that's that's the true thing about it the realm of Competency in which a man must operate Aiden I'm saying You must operate inside of a realm of absolute competency that you're your your goal as a man your mission as a man is to discover the truth because you must find the truth of the universe and truth of the world because only the truth will set you free you're not born with an innate value like a female is a female can be born beautiful she doesn't need to be interested in the truth she can just be happy believe in fairies and crystal skulls and go through life and be happy what's actually interesting is men find that attractive I find permanently happy women attractive women who don't live in the harsh brutal realities of the world who are perhaps a bit too optimistic and Airy fairy or very attractive to men yes if a man has a very difficult life he likes the idea of always being around a happy woman I don't want a woman who's gone through the same kind of trauma and stress that I have but as a man you must go through a process of discovering what is true and what is false about the world and developing absolute in our competency so you can out-compete other men life is a competition all of this is a competition we are constantly competing against each other right and men are in constant competitions is why there's been endless Wars at the beginning of human time and not understand yes I do you don't understand yes I do the Aztecs were right war with somebody The Mao dynasty was at war with somebody there was endless wars in the savannah when we before we were even born the Mongols the Mongols were sieging Vienna but there has been endless war constant competition and that has been forgotten okay fine I understand I don't compete every other man for everything you have ever wanted that's fine no it's not fine social media and the world as a whole is now saying unrealistic goals for people whether they like it or not because it's everyone's airbrush lifestyle completely it's it's very hard now to be a man in the world and not have unrealistic expectations if you're anywhere on the internet you're seeing a whole bunch of crypto 19 year olds pushing [ __ ] cars and doing all this [ __ ] so yeah your expectations gonna be ridiculously high so I think people who get demotivated because they don't quite hit where they want to get just need to be more realistic about it and like I said you need to get a piece of paper or understand on a scale of one to ten and say how stressed do I want to be how much pressure do I want to feel like I'm under how much can I take and be honest with yourself I know I can handle it I'm a professional I've had 87 professional world champion fights I've I've been there I've been in the dressing room about to go fight a dude who just killed his last opponent like I didn't understand pressure most people don't so you have to sit and go how much pressure can I really take between one and ten well let's say it's a six or seven okay and then you need to work out an income that reflects that and that should be your goal and be happy with it people sit there go yeah I want to be as rich as Tate let me talk to you most of you the reason you're not here is because you couldn't do it I could hand my life over to a bunch of people even as it is complete and they couldn't do it they couldn't live it they couldn't live it they just [ __ ] said because they want that um safety net as well do you think that's an aspect that allows you to push to the level you have well there's equal and opposite forces in the world everybody wants to Glitz and glamor nobody wants to equal an opposite Force like there's no such thing as yeah okay there's a whole bunch of good with the fames a whole bunch of bad with the fames a whole bunch of good with the money how much are bad with the money so that's how it goes I wanted this life this is exactly what I want it makes me happy but there's a whole bunch of people who would not be happy in my position just because of the amount of pressure they're on in my last cancellation we had press trying to find my mother family members doxed my last 20 ex-girlfriends called and offered a bribe effectively a hundred thousand pounds to do a negative story on me none of them turn bank accounts Frozen travel bans all my social media is deleted all over the news National news I'm evil press releases in the school saying I'm bad for young men and I'm misogynistic like most people are not prepared for that level of pressure I slept fine most people would be like whoa there are death threats like most people can't handle that I can handle it fine most can you have to decide what you want to deal with so when you're setting your expectations it shouldn't just be about how much money you want to make it's truly about how stressed and how much pressure do I want to be under I actually enjoy it I'm a warrior I'd be bored in the other way I want people coming for me that's what I want but if you don't want that then then don't feel the life that does that it's actually amazing to me and I'll say this because I think the number one thing that plagues Humanity nowadays especially amongst young men is laziness a lot of people come to me and say how do I become successful and I say you're lazy and they say I'm not lazy you are [ __ ] lazy everybody is monumentally lazy nobody understands what genuine work ethic and Esau ethos is and for me it's hard to understand because I struggle to not work I struggle to sleep I struggle to relax I can't sit and watch Netflix I can't sit and play video games I can't do the dumb [ __ ] everyone does all I can do is conquer Earth I can't even turn my brain off long enough to become unconscious so it's very difficult for me to understand people who sit there and go yeah I want to be successful but I can't find the motivation why I think I fight do I enjoy it no do you enjoy training no do I enjoy cutting weight no am I nervous yes do I think to myself what am I doing yes completely unfortunately it's one of those things you either born with you're not and the only way I can explain it to try and make it make any sense is that if I'm not doing something is either extremely difficult or extremely stressful I'm in a Perpetual state of crippling boredom I can't explain it I see other people live their lives and they're like oh I can't wait for the weekend because I want to watch this movie I think who cares about a movie you're looking forward to the weekend for a movie looking forward to the weekend to get drunk like these things to me are so mundane they mean nothing and if I don't fight if I'm not in a situation where I'm stressed or worried or concerned I'm just perpetually bored and boredom's crippling if you're an intelligent person and you've got a good brain on your shoulders you can't just sit there bored you know so most smart people take the academic group to avoid boredom they learn learn learn but that's never really interested me either although I've always been an intelligent guy and I've always done well academically it was it never would interested me and then I see people climb Mount Everest or jump off buildings or do base jumping or the guy who jumped from space people think what's he doing he's crazy I understand some people can't live normal life some people cannot just function nine to five office jobs get drunk at the weekends that is not for some individuals and it's not for me so I have to find something which keeps me physically tired enough to stop me going AWOL um and mentally tired enough and I've chosen fighting because without this when I'm not in training I wake up every day and think okay we're gonna do today it's 9 A.M on a Tuesday I'm bored everyone's at work I'm bored and I'll end up doing something crazy I'll end up drunk or on the Eurostar or you know it's just it's just a random lifestyle so I'm constantly looking for never-ending entertainment and it doesn't exist I think the only thing that could stop me fighting is if I had enough money to constantly entertain myself unless I'm a billionaire I need something that keeps me focused and keeps me occupied in life with fighting I have to train twice a day and I have to train hard and the stress can be the stress it brings in every aspect can replace fun and my mind is occupied it occupies me it's on the way I can try and explain it it occupies me out of all like the successful people most successful people in the world would you say that all of them have have like something in common in the sense of like some sort of hardship in their life it's not well yeah I mean trauma is extremely important and this actually goes back into answering the first part of your question which is interesting there's a study I read about stress and it was uh saying that stress they uh stress as a placebo effect attached to it placebo effect is extremely powerful so they found some of the most stressed people in the world and they split them into two groups and they're all equally stressed they all have a bunch of chorus all in their blood yeah the people who believed they were that stress was bad for you and that stress can hurt you and they believed those media articles were dying earlier they're having heart attacks they're having stress related illnesses the people who believe the opposite who just said stress is part of being successful I like stress when I feel stressed I do my best makes me anxious it turns my brain on I like being stressed lived longer than average the point is the same drug how you look at it and how your body anticipates it how you feel about it affects the real world results which goes back into what you were saying earlier about the jealousy you're seeing people look on social media and they get jealous and it demotivates them that's because that's because they decide to be demotivated by it do you know what happens when I get jealous of somebody I [ __ ] beat them yeah if I look at somebody has something I ain't got I will take it from them by hook or by crook when I watch other people on social media and I see someone killing it like whoever it is someone that fires me the [ __ ] I love it I love I wish someone could make me jealous it's hard now I got everything I wish I could look at somebody and go [ __ ] somebody really wants to do something but uh maybe they don't have the talent is is that another excuse or how do you see that talent talent certainly helps but I'm telling you it doesn't matter whether it's golf it doesn't matter whether it's kickboxing doesn't matter whether it's chess anything else 95 of his hard work there is no Talent without hard work you can't realize Talent about because even if you're going to argue that I'm more talented than someone else that's fine but we have to have both done the same hard work to realize that if I've done no hard work and this guy's faith in years you know so so Talent is Talent is a slight Edge after the use of hard work so people say this to me a lot like people go oh Tate you have money because you're lucky you're a fighter I'm like [Music] than getting up and running and training and breaking bones and literally risking my life and losing 10 kilos in a week and all this [ __ ] is easy like people don't like connect like oh yeah you're talented to say how would I know I'm talented unless I [ __ ] train for all these years you don't know these things so absolutely I think the the difference between those who are truly successful and something and those who aren't a lot of it's down to just the basics of having your life in order like I I know my one of my biggest assets is is my brother I'm very lucky to have my brother me my brother are closer even than twin brothers are we we work together we live together we train together we share a bank account we'll never live apart like and and I was always lucky to have someone like that because I always had that masculine energy around me to keep me focused on the right things like if I split up with a girlfriend or something nothing could distract me from my mission you know me and my bro we're always getting stuff done so I was lucky in general a lot of it's down to just who you surround yourself with how you view your your life and your and your priorities and your relationships and stuff you know the number one thing I've seen from a lot of Fighters who fall off it's just it's just shitty girlfriends man I've seen some amazingly talented dudes just just lose careers because their girlfriends and and she's giving him stress and he's trying to keep the relationship working and this is sometimes I say I say about girls and women and stuff and and things on Twitter but I've seen it I've seen I've seen probably the number one thing I'd say that ruins Spike careers especially can be a toxic relationship because the stress you're under you're in a very masculine environment there's very testosterone fuel then you're under huge stress for your upcoming fight and then your girlfriend wants attention too and it can all just spiral down into nothing [Music] [Music] thank you [Music] [Music]

# References
[[Andrew quotes]]