
To have a better appreciation of the matter it would be pertinent to bear in mind that the Buddha was born and lived in a world full of belief in magic, petty gods, nature spirits (trees, mountains, rain, rivers and sky), and a world wherein priests had a vested interest in conducting prayers and rituals to appease these gods and spirits. All this, however, did not bring an end to the mental anguish or social suffering of birth, sickness, old age and death, which were the Buddha‟s primary concerns. In seeking to dispel belief in the superstitions prevalent in his time, the Buddha offered what might be termed a rational approach to salvation, based on humanist values of compassion and merit. The Buddha‟s main goal was to show the way to the end of human suffering. It was presumably for this reason that he remained silent on questions about God and gods. This does not mean that he was an atheist. Moreover, the Buddha distinguished between the mundane and supramundane worlds, identifying the supramundane world with enlightenment, peace, and freedom from suffering. In the Buddhist scripture of the Udāna (Inspired Utterances), the Buddha describes the supramundane realm as eternal: There is, O Bhikkhus, an unborn, unoriginated, uncreated, unformed. Were there not, O Bhikkhus, this unborn, unoriginated, uncreated, unformed, there would be no escape from the world of the born, originated, created, formed. Since, O Bhikkhus, there is an unborn, unoriginated, uncreated, unformed, therefore is there an escape from the born, originated, created, formed. ( Strong 2010 : 112) Nonetheless, a significant difference should be highlighted again: the Buddha obtained nirvana from within himself, on the basis of self-effort, whereas Muhammad ﷺ was given his spiritual stature through wahy (revelation), from outside himself, while seeking to comprehend the meaning of being insan (human) within God‟s creation. Islamic–Buddhist dialogue need not stumble in any final way over fundamental differences in theistic perspective, particularly if the broader and more flexible concept of ultimate reality, interpreted as personal or non-personal, is used. It may also be possible to use a concept of God as in precipe, or a principle of axiological value, rather than in esse, an essential nature or creator God. ( Al-Faruqi 1962 : 219; Fletcher 2011: 92–112). Such flexibility allows in turn for discourse between the concepts of Tawhid (transcendence) and Dhamma (truth), whereby Islam and Buddhism can both be understood as religious systems directed towards easing the kabad (affliction) and dukkha (suffering) through rahma (mercy) and metta-karuna (loving compassion).

  

The Buddha and Muhammad ﷺ each left intriguingly similar instructions to their communities about how to proceed religiously following their deaths. The Mahaparinibbana Sutta (Digha Nikaya 16) records: Then the Blessed One addressed the venerable Ananda:

“Ananda, it may be that you would think: „Gone is the Teacher‟s word! We have no teacher.‟It should not be seen thus, Ananda, for the Dharma and the Vinaya [the Teaching and the Discipline] that I have taught and explained to you, will, at my passing, be your teacher. (Gopaka Moggallana Sutta 2012) For the twentieth-century Thai master Buddhadasa, “The real teacher, the dhammavinaya, is still with us,”( Buddhadasa and Swearer 1991 : 51–52) working towards the extinction of suffering ( Swearer 1996 : 331). Similarly, the prophet Muhammad ﷺ noted in his Last Sermon: O People, no prophet or apostle will come after me and no new faith will be born. Reason well, therefore, O People, and understand my words which I convey to you. I leave behind me two things, the Qur’an and my example, the Sunnah, and if you follow these you will never go astray

(Prophet Muhammad‟s Last Sermon). The Qur’an comments: Say: If you do love Allāh (سُبْحَانَهُ وَتَعَالَىٰ), follow me: Allāh (سُبْحَانَهُ وَتَعَالَىٰ) will love you and forgive you your sins, for Allāh (سُبْحَانَهُ وَتَعَالَىٰ) is Oft-Forgiving, Most Merciful. (Qur’an 3: 31) And the Buddha says the following: Enough, Vakkali! What is there to see in this vile body? He who sees Dhamma, Vakkali, sees me; he who sees me sees Dhamma. Truly seeing Dhamma, one sees me; seeing me one sees Dhamma. (Samyutta Nikaya 22. 87) 

  

Muslims often employ the concept of al-insan al-kamil, which refers to the idea of the perfect human being, and in particular to the personality of the Prophet Muhammad ﷺ. In practical Islamic life, reference to the Prophet as an al-insan al-kamil is intended to invoke imitation of Muhammad ﷺ. Similarly, the Buddhist bodhisattva refers to one on the path of liberation, but who compassionately refrains from entering nibbana, in order to remain as a compassionate presence for those who suffer. Just as the Buddha was a bodhisattva before his enlightenment, so everyone is

encouraged to become a bodhisattva in imitation of the Buddha.

  

He acts in accordance with the precepts of the moral divine will, free from all attachment to results. With a heart full of love, kindness and compassion toward everyone and every being, he acts in a selfless spirit, and becomes a moral guide worthy of emulation. 

  

For a bodhisattva, “salvation of one entails the salvation of all beings. Bodhisattvas vow to postpone their own liberation and to remain in the world as Sakyamuni did following his enlightenment, exercising compassionate concern for others until all beings have been saved” (Jones 2 004: 996–1000). The bodhisattva seeks the liberation of others before that of oneself, through selfless compassion (karuna). Hence, bodhisattvas postpone their own enlightenment, choosing to remain in the world practicing compassion for others until all beings have been saved: “the fundamental feature of the ideal of the Bodhisattva is compassion and self-giving. “Mahakaruna” (“the great compassionate Heart of the Buddha”) becomes the actuating principle of his life” ( Spencer 1963: 89). 

  

While the Prophet said, “None of you truly believes until he loves for his brother what he loves for himself”. This hadith is narrated by both al Bukhari and Muslim….

- Imbalance in Buddhism: Buddhism is seeking to become free of suffering by denying yourself in hopes of spiritual alignment. It is unnatural to live our lives neglecting our physical needs. Buddhism emphasizes the impermanence of all things and the interconnected nature of existence, as an allude to the temporary nature/delusion of this dunyia, yet it doesn't include the Ultimate Reality (God). Additionally, we see a departure from the Buddha’s original teachings; He rejected the idea of idol worship and encouraged people to seek truth on their own, but today, we often see golden Buddha statues. While it's true that your temptations don't control you, and outside influence like the whispers of shaytan should not sway your behavior, people go above and beyond with this by becoming monks, abstaining from marriage, or fasting for unreasonable amounts of time to silence their inner-voices.
    

  

Prior to the coming of Islam to Asia, the concept of the Bodhisattva had passed from India and East Asia to southeast Asia, where it gained wide socio-political acceptance. Many southeast Asian Buddhist kings understood themselves as practicing Bodhisattvas (Samuels 1997). The Buddhist concept of Bodhisattva had been employed by the Hindu-Buddhist rajas of southeast Asia to identify themselves with the idealized personage of Buddha. However, following the arrival of Islam, Indonesian and Malay kings appropriated the title of al-insan al-kamil in order to legitimize their royal positions politically and religiously. The concept of al-insan al-kamil was thus easily integrated with previous beliefs as Islam came to be adopted across southeast Asia, where Muslim sultans sought to represent themselves as saints worthy of emulation, to further support the conversion of their communities to Islam (Bruinessen 1994: 121–145; Hooker 1983: 12–13; Mansurnoor, 1999). The sultans also came to be seen as endowed with special powers capable of performing karamat (miracles) and possessing berkah – spiritual gifts that they could pass on to others during their lifetime or after death. Such notions were not far from those of local Hindu and Buddhist traditions. 

  

The history of southeast Asia shows that the two mystically oriented concepts of the al-insan al-kamil and the bodhisattva became the ground for dialogue between Islam and Hinduism–Buddhism. During the Islamic phase of southeast Asian history the concept of al-insan al-kamil replaced that of the bodhisattva at the religious, political, and social levels, leading to the formation of inter-religious communities marked by the moral value of religious tolerance.

  

Both Buddhism and Islam reject idol worship. Islam strictly adheres to monotheism and prohibits the worship of idols or images. Buddhism emphasizes the idea of compassion and the aspiration to guide all sentient beings towards liberation from suffering. Buddhas are believed to appear in the world when the conditions are ripe, not in a sequential or hierarchical order. When the time calls. The notion of multiple Buddhas existing throughout cosmic time and space is more about the potential for enlightenment and the cyclical nature of existence. Various Buddhas are said to have appeared in the past, and future Buddhas are expected to arise. However, these appearances are not about taking turns but rather responding to the needs and conditions of the world and sentient beings. When Buddha's teachings are forgotten, he will take his place on earth and come to preach the Dharma anew. According to the prophecy, an enlightened being (Maitreya) will come as the true successor of Siddharta Gautama, and his teaching will spread endlessly, planting its roots in all of humankind. Reincarnation isnt that far from an afterlife the future Buddha, presently a bodhisattva residing in the Tushita heaven, who will descend to earth to preach anew the dharma (“law”) when the teachings of Gautama Buddha have completely decayed.

  
  

If this was true

Buddha could not have been Muslim (even if he was genetically Africoid-Indian), but culturally Aryan because he abandoned his newborn son for the first ten years of his life which would have been so wrong in Islam that no one would acknowledge such a person as "Enlightened."


### Guidance

Without guidance we are lost. This is the purpose in revelation. Jesus (عليه السلام) and previous prophets did not live a life that would model how humans should act in all situations like times of war, relationships, or parenthood. Thankfully we have found guidance in the life of Prophet Muhammad ﷺ, a role model for humanity. He taught us everything we need, even how to properly raise children. According to Islamic traditions of fatherhood, a good father is heavily involved in raising his sons from the moment they stop breastfeeding. From then on, he is primarily in the company of his father, not mother. While a woman is a wonderful nurturer in many ways and plays a key role in the raising of both genders, she cannot teach a son truly how to become a man. Only a man can do that. Just as he cannot teach his daughter how to become a powerful woman, even though he too has a strong role in her upbringing. Confusion over this is why we have so many youth with severe identity crises today. In fact, the removal of the father from the home early on (as well as from the early education system) is the primary tool our enemies have used to destroy our civilization. It is crucial that you don't think "a father in the home" simply means he brings home money and is physically present. He has to be actually raising the children (particularly sons). Leaving it on the woman (even if she claims to prefer it) until he is a preteen, is why our boys grow up so lost and self-destructive. It is way too late to wait until he is nine or ten. You must, from the very beginning, be raising the son. The raising of anything of value is always most important in the very early years. When you wait until the son is nine, he already has his own personality and drive. You cannot really sculpt him and have a true father/son relationship which begins at two years old when he is in a completely innocent state. It is because Europeans wait so long for fathers to be involved, that their sons become rivals to their fathers more than sons. This is why all the Greek legends are about sons killing their father. Even those men who cannot have children for whatever reason, or even choose not to, still have a role to play in the raising of the sons. Remember, it takes a village not just a parent. Uncles, mentors, coaches, teachers, etc are all crucial father figures for our sons.**
# References
[[]]